hello guys with you che times
today we play his fear with the new
a class called having God
so well let's start in general and zapolle
The plot here is presented and I'm not a year
sorry so let's look for a guest
I have such a special bow here, he does
so cool just let me show you how
it works and it is not a good selection of it
such a bow that immediately nifiga arrows
right away
Wow, I saw my dude changing scouts
valim valim valim accidentally hit
dangerous thing at all this bow how many
so that the arrow flies so I shoot power
up
I killed his boys
how much everyone does not go 1 1 cool at all
on
nishtyak 23 I took him by the way with us
rake he observes it seems yes
welcome roof if you look it
video and I have 28 chances to be guests
show you another class on the base to god
and I will not be a member of the guests soon.
time wait for the review on all classes of eyes
crafting I will do it soon and you will see
all the beauty of the game Gascar because
recently acquired everything for everything
with all these classes new
probably have not seen and I do not gas to
Sorry it's good in the room case
because if you show your super
mega cool bow that shoot with this
arrows so that spits see are looking for
voices I hope he will run here
let's hand out we're waiting for you
first let him
some snack grenades Komi and then build on
him that this onion
this link to everything is like a bazooka straight
the gunman
the arrow explodes he really well what's his
talked about i better show now
let's go look for a guest
my level and all not very long ago
you hold and i'm a cool ghost
show yourself
never do you guys do so i hear
a photo
jesus awesome sounds hello getting ready
to attack
huge great
somewhere there and release the whole action
get care
and I put the policy guys the same
steep
I will not praise you all
odd percent but i still dealt
last of the city ​​is good that here so here
and let's try the hunter class now
but these are just three classes that you
I will show you, but soon wait for a full review of all
classes it will be very cool and epic